This Shiny page analyse information from smear slides taken from the U.S. Geological Survey cruise 2008-008-FA cores. These cores were collected in 2008 from offshore Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands.

20 giant gravity cores were collected by Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution and the U.S. Geological Survey. The regions sampled have had many large earthquake and landslide events, some of which are believed to have triggered tsunamis. The aim of this sampling is to determine the age of several slope failures and seismite layers. The data include data about  grain-size and composition analyses.

4 different analysis are implemented in this Shiny page. The first one evaluates the types of grain size present at eachdepth. The default view show it for all cores available, but the user can select just one core to observe its grain sizes. Grain size types are, in ascending order of grain size, f.sand, v.f.sand, silt and clay.

The rest of analysis are about composition. In the second one, composition are plotted for the core and the depth the userdesire to visualize. Here, the user can observe the abundance of each component, that can be not present; R, Rare (1%); P, Present (1-5%); C, Common (5-25 %); or A, Abundant (25-75%). There are also some intermediate levels, like R-P, Rare to Present; P-C, Present to Common; or C-A, Common to Abundant. The materials evaluated are 4 non organic ones: Quartz, Feldspar, Dark Lithics and Manganese; and 4 organic ones: Forams, Sponge Spicules, Carbonate Fragments and Pteropods. A report in pdf can be extracted from this evaluation.

In the third display screen, the user can select a range of depth and observe the presence of the different components at this depth. Lastly, in fourth display screen, the user can select an specific component and visualize its abundance for each depth. In this last analysis, a table that indicates the core, depth and proportion of the material is shown when clickinga point.
